Building lookuplet
------------------

It is necessary to have the GNOME development libraries installed to build
lookuplet. Only the following libraries are required:

    Glib        >= 1.2.1
    GTK         >= 1.2.1
    Imlib       >= 1.9.2
    gnome-libs  >= 1.2.1

These are available from the GNOME CVS repository
(http://developer.gnome.org/tools/cvs.html) but you may wish to install
packages provided by your favorite free operating system vendor instead.

I use Debian Woody and I believe apt-get installing the following packages
will get you to where you need to be:

     gettext
     libgnome-dev
     libgtk1.2-dev
     libpanel-applet-dev

I'm not sure whether there will be some missed dependencies, let me know
if you start from scratch and find some. lookuplet doesn't depend on any
special GNOME services, just the configuration stuff (gnome_config) and
some compound GTK widgets (like property_box).

You will need one thing from the GNOME CVS sources. In the gnome-common
package there is a macros directory that needs to be symlinked into the
lookuplet top-level directory. I haven't been able to check out just the
gnome-common/macros directory, only the entire gnome-common package, but
your mileage may vary.

This is fairly straightforward, in any case. Change to some directory
where you don't mind checking out the gnome-common directory and invoke:

$ export CVSROOT=':pserver:anonymous@anoncvs.gnome.org:/cvs/gnome'
$ cvs login
(There's no password so just press return.)
$ cvs -z3 checkout gnome-common

Then symlink the gnome-common/macros directory into the lookuplet
top-level directory.

Once you have the necessary libraries and symlinks, you can simply invoke:

$ ./configure
$ make

Everything else should work out of the box. If you invoke 'make install'
it will attempt to install lookuplet as a GNOME applet which doesn't work
right now, so you probably shouldn't do that. Instead just install
src/lookuplet wherever you want (/usr/local/bin is a popular choice).
There are no other supporting files.

Please let me know if you find that I've overlooked some build
requirements or instructions.

Thanks,

    Michael Bayne <mdb@samskivert.com>

$Id$
